I am Bongo Flendi
Then first enter from the exterior
Ah ah ah ah
Basically enter
It is beautiful now
The lunch
So much to the overall place decisive but will also be the way to say here in Ithaca little way
Tires no longer
About 7 minutes and 8 minutes Yes Sneakers sneakers for wagon of selling place stone
Why top in this state using and is very likely Could Yoa say people also 10 2010
It is 201410 grader yes
I 'm going enough enough 15 inches
It's a bit hard to tell the story, but minor scratches follow you
Here it is a bit agricultural communication Kotcho
In no let go so
a How are you with keyless
Lock open
Well then
Goo type spy
Ah ah ah ah
Endo sensitivity sheet is also attached to the foot dress
Driver's seat comes with both front passenger seat
me
Hey
I hide the front The curtain is not jammed
After all let's see
I taken here
There Huh
Yes
It looks like this is totally hidden entirely
In a
Later this side
Do you also try closing curtains
Please wait, please take it one more time
Shan sunshade of the year is the Nee
Go here
Come it is and really complete works mad
Behind also was with guilty curtain
Let's open the auto free top next time
Would you raise it is a bit dark Oh this
Dog's ha
Yup
Well then Frit Cocker 4
Hmm
There is not a whole lot to break
Even dirt
There is none
deji
right
You Chai
Bach
Hmm
wh
Ah ah ah
Yes
Or have a ne Gay Joint only after ko Todo
Rear airco
I'm navigation but I'm hot pot
chop
Old of recognition
Panasonic's
This strike's over Yes dvd is Navi
Heat Wave has become in so that the video can watch
Yes
I know the smell of tobacco that had been after 3 but prima facie
I 'm not saying that room cleaning now, let me clean it
It's become a very beautiful
Last visit
Is there almost no
Well, I 'm also sucking on the mat itself
It is against
Well Dhaka 9
I have this kind of thing
I think that I may have been a minute cream step out on the whole
Do you have any equipment after that
That's right after management area specification
The battery is equipped with two
It is also so I'm quiet sound of kindergarten children
Pretty mouth the future I'd mentioned the wearing well Chisato
I feel like you are at the end or the cost
I think if you consider it by all means